Add/Update Cmdlet Docs (#11229)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsMeetingPolicy.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CopilotWithoutTranscript

> This policy give admins the ability to enable or disable copilot use without having to start transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This policy gives admins the capability to enable or disable copilot use without having to start transcript.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Enabled
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CopyRestriction

> Enable this setting to allow users to disable right-click or Ctrl+C to copy, Copy link, Forward message, and Share to Outlook for meeting chat messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this setting to allow users to disable right-click or Ctrl+C to copy, Copy link, Forward message, and Share to Outlook for meeting chat messages.
```
